a cottage pie is a really beautiful
comfort food but I wanted to make mine
with a little bit of difference I really
wanted to package with flavor and how
I'm going to do that is just add these
two ingredients into the mincemeat as
I'm cutting it this is a steakhouse
marinated it's full of flavor and this
is tomato ketchup everybody has that
matters so what I'm going to do you just
start off by boiling potatoes and
parsnips together this will give a
different type of topic for a different
type of mash in the meantime we're going
to cook some onions with some bacon for
a little while in a pan add the mince
meat and start to brown when it's
browning add ketchup and your steak
house marinade cooked for 15 minutes
season and set aside
when your potatoes and your presses are
done strain them mash them with some
salt pepper milk and butter
they've put your mince meat mixture into
a dish spilling the mash on top of the
mince sprinkle with some cheddar cheese
and put into a hot oven until it's
golden and bothering and that's my extra
tasty cottage pie you're going to love
this one